Update 2019-07-02-event-jar-rules.md (#11)
mancebo29/Contracts: 2019-07-02-event-jar-rules.md

| Leaving the air conditioner of the garden on         | $25   |
| Leaving the kitchen dirty                            | $25   |
| Giving spoilers                                      | $25   |

> | Some one ask you for help, but resolve the problem   |       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Some one asks you for help, but resolves the problem   |       |
```

> | without explaining it to you                         | $35   |

Reviewer: I think this is too expensive, besides the max price is $25.

- [x] David
- [x] Didier
- [ ] Gabriel

> - [x] Modesto

Reviewer: It appears these changes are outdated, now the names are in alphabetical order, and Samboy will no longer be participating.
